h1. Overview

Vimbundle is a small python script that allows you to enable and disable vim plugins on a bundle level. It is very useful to be able to turn on and off vim stuff and to keep @~/.vim/@ clean and structured. It is based on "https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen":pathogen and is VERY simple.

I wrote this script because it is very easy to make a piece of chaos from a vim runpath with original approach. Every non-trivial plugin splits in several files (including docs, etc.) and it is sometimes painful to clean up @.vim@ from unused plugins.

h1. Installation

* Put @vimbundle@ to a directory that is on your @PATH@;
* Install "https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen":pathogen from author's repo;
* Add this to your @.vimrc@: @call pathogen#runtime_append_all_bundles("bundle-enabled")@
* Create two empty directories in @~/.vim@: @bundle-available@ and @bundle-enabled@;
* Put your vim bundles in first one and manage them through @vimbundle@!

h1. About bundles

Vim bundle in our context is just a collection of plugin-related files in standard directories like @plugin@, @ftplugin@, @autoload@, etc. Initial approach is to merge this directories with ones in @.vim@, but with bundles you can keep them in separate "bundles".

h1. Usage

Collect your bundles in @.vim/bundle-available/@, enable/disable them with vimbundle script.

h2. Example

Let see how our directory structure looks like with only one installed bundle (vimball):

* @.vim/@
** @autoload/@
*** @pathogen.vim@
** @bundle-available/@
*** @vimball/@
**** @plugin/@
**** @doc/@
**** @autoload/@
** @bundle-enabled/@

Now we can list available bundles:

bc.. user@host$ vimbundle list_available
vimball

p. Now lets enable @vimball@:

bc.. user@host$ vimbundle enable vimball
Bundle vimball enabled

p. Lets see available list again:

bc.. user@host$ vimbundle list_available
*vimball

p. To disable, we can do

bc.. user@host$ vimbundle disable vimball
Bundle vimball disabled

p. There are also @list_enabled@ subcommand, but @list_available@ should suffice too.

Try @vimbundle@ without arguments to see available options.

h1. Requirements

* Vim (see @pathogen@ requirements)
* Python (>= 2.6 or 2.5 with @python-argparse@ installed)

(c) 2011, Nikolay Zakharov.

